
Sport Shoes 
An athletic shoe is a generic name for a shoe designed for sporting activities. 
They were originally sporting apparel, but are today worn much more widely as casual footwear. It can also go by the name sport shoe, running shoe,
 gym shoe, tennis shoes, sneakers (American English) or trainers (British English).
Sneakers (also called trainers, athletic shoes, tennis shoes, gym shoes, kicks,
 sport shoes, flats, running shoes, skate shoes, or runners) are shoes 
primarily designed for sports or other forms of physical exercise but 
that are now also widely used for everyday casual wear


Jacket
Advertisement. A coat or jacket is an outerwear garment, worn on the upper body up 
to mid-stomach length for warmth or insulation or fashion. Coats typically have full sleeves and are open down the front, 
generally closed by means of buttons, zippers.
An outer garment extending either to the waist or the hips, typically having sleeves 
and a fastening down the front.

Backpacks
Backpacks are commonly used by hikers and students, and are often preferred 
to handbags for carrying heavy loads or carrying any sort of equipment, 
because of the limited capacity to carry heavy weights for long periods of time 
in the hands.

HeadCovers
. head covering - a garment that covers the head and face. veil. chadar, chaddar,
 chador, chuddar - a cloth used as a head covering (and veil and shawl) 
by Muslim and Hindu women. face veil - a piece of more-or-less

Dress
Perhaps the most obvious function of dress is to provide warmth and protection.
 Many scholars believe, however, that the first crude garments and ornaments 
worn by humans were designed not for 
utilitarian but for religious or ritual purposes.

Chukka Boot
Chukka boots are ankle-high leather boots with suede or leather uppers, 
leather or rubber soles, and open lacing, with two or three pairs of eyelets. 
Desert boot — A desert boot is a chukka boot with crepe rubber soles and, typically, 
suede uppers. 
Desert boots were popularized in the 1950s by UK shoe
The name chukka possibly comes from the game of polo, where a chukka is a period of play

Shirt
A garment similar to a shirt, made of stretchable material and typically having 
a short row of buttons at the neck, 

T-Shirt
A T-shirt, or tee shirt, is a style of fabric shirt named after the T shape of its body 
and sleeves. Traditionally, it has short sleeves and a round neckline, 
known as a crew neck, which lacks a collar. T-shirts are generally made of a stretchy, 
light and inexpensive fabric and are easy to clean.
worn as casual wear or for sports.
transparent material that covers the face.
T-shirts were originally worn as undershirts, but are now worn frequently as 
the only piece of clothing on the top half of the body,
 other than possibly a brassiere or, rarely, a waistcoat (vest).


Watch 
A watch is a portable timepiece intended to be carried or worn by a person. 
It is designed to keep a consistent movement 
despite the motions caused by the person's activities
A watch is a portable timepiece intended to be carried or worn by a person. 
It is designed to keep a consistent movement despite the motions caused by the person's
activities.


Hat 
a shaped covering for the head worn for warmth, as a fashion item, 
or as part of a uniform.
A hat is a head covering which is worn for various reasons, 
including protection against weather conditions,
ceremonial reasons such as university graduation, religious reasons, safety, 
or as a fashion accessory. In the past, hats were an indicator of social status.

Beachdress
Whether blended with Lycra® or by itself, polyester is the leading fabric for competitive
swimwear. New technologies in polyester have improved the hand and feel of the material,
allowing it to surpass other fabrics. 
Polyester holds its color and is resistant to chlorine.

Beachwear refers to clothing suitable for being worn on a beach or urban beach. 
Beachwear usually falls somewhere between swimwear and what a person wears when 
fully clothed. ... For men, this may consist of beach shorts 
that are long enough to almost come down to the knees, and sometimes beyond.


